Full update (#25)
YunoHost-Apps/zabbix_ynh: doc/DISCLAIMER.md

> * Any known limitations, constrains or stuff not working, such as (but not limited to):
>     * Only x86_64 architecture is supported
>     * Do not change the default admin user password. The user is disabled just after the install but he’s used to update templates.
>     * The Zabbix server port is not opened by default for external monitoring (active agent).
> 
> * Other infos that people should be aware of, such as:
>     * Configuration at install. SSO works. You can add your users in a group in Zabbix (for permissions/rights).
>     * A Yunohost template is imported and linked to the host "Zabbix-server" (127.0.0.1) for basic monitoring for YunoHost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Known limitations or important informations

* Only x86_64 architecture is supported
* Single sign-on is supported
* Do not change the default admin user password. The user is disabled just after the install but is used to update templates.
* The Zabbix server port is not opened by default for external monitoring (active agent).
* You can add your users in a group in Zabbix (for permissions/rights).
* A Yunohost template is imported and linked to the host "Zabbix-server" (127.0.0.1) for basic monitoring for YunoHost.
```

(To me it's not clear what's meant by " You can add your users in a group in Zabbix (for permissions/rights)." ... what group ? is it some unix group ? how shall user be added ? or is this referring to the yunohost permission ?

Author: I don't know either, I was just a cop/paste from the Readme.md
